# DjStripePaymentIntent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**djstripe_id** | **i32** |  | [readonly]
**charges** | [**Vec<crate::models::DjStripeCharge>**](DjStripeCharge.md) |  | [readonly]
**djstripe_created** | **String** |  | [readonly]
**djstripe_updated** | **String** |  | [readonly]
**id** | **String** |  | 
**livemode** | Option<**bool**> | Null here indicates that the livemode status is unknown or was previously unrecorded. Otherwise, this field indicates whether this record comes from Stripe test mode or live mode operation. | [optional]
**created** | Option<**String**> | The datetime this object was created in stripe. | [optional]
**metadata** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | A set of key/value pairs that you can attach to an object. It can be useful for storing additional information about an object in a structured format. | [optional]
**amount** | **i64** | Amount (in cents) intended to be collected by this PaymentIntent. | 
**amount_capturable** | **i64** | Amount (in cents) that can be captured from this PaymentIntent. | 
**amount_received** | **i64** | Amount (in cents) that was collected by this PaymentIntent. | 
**canceled_at** | Option<**String**> | Populated when status is canceled, this is the time at which the PaymentIntent was canceled. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch. | [optional]
**cancellation_reason** | Option<[**crate::models::OneOfCancellationReasonEnumBlankEnum**](oneOf<CancellationReasonEnum,BlankEnum>.md)> | Reason for cancellation of this PaymentIntent, either user-provided (duplicate, fraudulent, requested_by_customer, or abandoned) or generated by Stripe internally (failed_invoice, void_invoice, or automatic). | [optional]
**capture_method** | Option<[**crate::models::CaptureMethodEnum**](CaptureMethodEnum.md)> | Capture method of this PaymentIntent, one of automatic or manual. | 
**client_secret** | **String** | The client secret of this PaymentIntent. Used for client-side retrieval using a publishable key. | 
**confirmation_method** | Option<[**crate::models::ConfirmationMethodEnum**](ConfirmationMethodEnum.md)> | Confirmation method of this PaymentIntent, one of manual or automatic. | 
**currency** | **String** | Three-letter ISO currency code | 
**description** | Option<**String**> | An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users. | [optional]
**last_payment_error** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | The payment error encountered in the previous PaymentIntent confirmation. | [optional]
**next_action** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | If present, this property tells you what actions you need to take in order for your customer to fulfill a payment using the provided source. | [optional]
**payment_method_types** | [**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md) | The list of payment method types (e.g. card) that this PaymentIntent is allowed to use. | 
**receipt_email** | Option<**String**> | Email address that the receipt for the resulting payment will be sent to. | [optional]
**setup_future_usage** | Option<[**crate::models::OneOfSetupFutureUsageEnumBlankEnumNullEnum**](oneOf<SetupFutureUsageEnum,BlankEnum,NullEnum>.md)> | Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method. If present, the payment method used with this PaymentIntent can be attached to a Customer, even after the transaction completes. Use `on_session` if you intend to only reuse the payment method when your customer is present in your checkout flow. Use `off_session` if your customer may or may not be in your checkout flow. Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to dynamically optimize your payment flow and comply with regional legislation and network rules. For example, if your customer is impacted by SCA, using `off_session` will ensure that they are authenticated while processing this PaymentIntent. You will then be able to make later off-session payments for this customer. | [optional]
**shipping** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | Shipping information for this PaymentIntent. | [optional]
**statement_descriptor** | Option<**String**> | For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers' statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters. | [optional]
**status** | Option<[**crate::models::DjStripePaymentIntentStatusEnum**](DjStripePaymentIntentStatusEnum.md)> | Status of this PaymentIntent, one of requires_payment_method, requires_confirmation, requires_action, processing, requires_capture, canceled, or succeeded. You can read more about PaymentIntent statuses here. | 
**transfer_data** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | The data with which to automatically create a Transfer when the payment is finalized. See the PaymentIntents Connect usage guide for details. | [optional]
**transfer_group** | Option<**String**> | A string that identifies the resulting payment as part of a group. See the PaymentIntents Connect usage guide for details. | [optional]
**djstripe_owner_account** | Option<**String**> | The Stripe Account this object belongs to. | [optional]
**customer** | Option<**String**> | Customer this PaymentIntent is for if one exists. | [optional]
**on_behalf_of** | Option<**String**> | The account (if any) for which the funds of the PaymentIntent are intended. | [optional]
**payment_method** | Option<**String**> | Payment method used in this PaymentIntent. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


