#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/local.txt requirements/local.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   discord.py
    #   printnanny-api-client
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
anyio==3.5.0
    # via watchgod
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==22.2.2
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backoff==1.11.1
    # via posthog
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
channels-redis==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
channels==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels-redis
chardet==4.0.0
    # via aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via uvicorn
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coverage==6.3.2
    # via django-coverage-plugin
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
discord.py==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
dj-stripe==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-allauth==0.49.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-compressor
django-compressor==3.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-coturn==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-coverage-plugin==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-flags==5.0.9
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-health-check==3.16.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-invitations==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-loginas==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-qr-code==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-safedelete==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-storages[google]==1.12.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-stubs-ext==0.3.1
    # via django-stubs
django-stubs==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-webpack-loader==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-stripe
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-coturn
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flags
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-qr-code
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-safedelete
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drfpasswordless
    #   jsonfield
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drfpasswordless
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
drf-spectacular==0.21.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
drfpasswordless==1.5.7
    # via -r requirements/local.in
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iot==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-monitoring==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-storage==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-storages
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.55.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio-status==1.44.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
h11==0.13.0
    # via uvicorn
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
honeycomb-beeline==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
httptools==0.4.0
    # via uvicorn
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
imageio==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   scikit-image
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via dj-stripe
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via drf-spectacular
libhoney==2.0.0
    # via honeycomb-beeline
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via channels-redis
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via mypy
mypy==0.941
    # via django-stubs
networkx==2.7.1
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   redis
    #   scikit-image
pandas==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   qrcode
    #   scikit-image
plotly==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
posthog==1.4.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
printnanny-api-client==0.65.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via django-prometheus
proto-plus==1.20.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   printnanny-api-client
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-coturn
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via django-allauth
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via twisted
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   printnanny-api-client
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via uvicorn
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   uvicorn
qrcode[pil]==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
redis==4.1.4
    # via django-redis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   libhoney
    #   posthog
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via django-compressor
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via scikit-image
segno==1.4.1
    # via django-qr-code
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   libhoney
    #   plotly
    #   posthog
    #   printnanny-api-client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
statsd==3.3.0
    # via libhoney
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
stripe==2.67.0
    # via dj-stripe
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
tifffile==2022.2.9
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via django-stubs
tomli==2.0.1
    # via mypy
twisted[tls]==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   daphne
txaio==22.2.1
    # via autobahn
types-pytz==2021.3.5
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.5
    # via django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   mypy
    #   twisted
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   printnanny-api-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.17.6
    # via -r requirements/local.in
uvloop==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
watchgod==0.8
    # via uvicorn
websockets==10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   uvicorn
whitenoise==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   honeycomb-beeline
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-resources
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
