#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/local2.txt requirements/local.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   discord.py
    #   print-nanny-client
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
amqp==5.0.6
    # via kombu
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backoff==1.11.1
    # via posthog
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
celery[redis]==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
channels==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
chardet==4.0.0
    # via aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.5
    # via django-coverage-plugin
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
discord.py==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
dj-stripe==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-stripe
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-coturn
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flags
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-safedelete
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drfpasswordless
    #   jsonfield
django-allauth==0.45.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-compressor
django-celery-beat==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-compressor==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-coturn==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-coverage-plugin==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-environ==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-flags==5.0.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-health-check==3.16.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-invitations==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-prometheus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-safedelete==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-storages[google]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-stubs==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==0.3.1
    # via django-stubs
django-timezone-field==4.2.1
    # via django-celery-beat
django-webpack-loader==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drfpasswordless
djangorestframework-stubs==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
drf-spectacular==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
drfpasswordless==1.5.7
    # via -r requirements/local.in
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
faker==8.13.2
    # via factory-boy
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
flower==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.0.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.1.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iot==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-monitoring==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
google-cloud-storage==1.42.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-storages
google-crc32c==1.2.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.0.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.40.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
honeycomb-beeline==2.17.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
httptools==0.2.0
    # via uvicorn
humanize==3.11.0
    # via flower
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   scikit-image
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via dj-stripe
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
kombu==5.1.0
    # via celery
libcst==0.3.21
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
libhoney==1.11.0
    # via honeycomb-beeline
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via scikit-image
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.910
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
mypy-protobuf==2.10
    # via -r requirements/local.in
networkx==2.6.3
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pandas==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   qrcode
    #   scikit-image
pip-tools==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
plotly==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
posthog==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
print-nanny-client==0.8.19
    # via -r requirements/local.in
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   django-prometheus
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iot
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==3.18.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mypy-protobuf
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-coturn
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via twisted
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via django-allauth
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   python-crontab
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   uvicorn
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   libcst
    #   uvicorn
qrcode[pil]==7.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   libhoney
    #   posthog
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-allauth
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
scipy==1.7.1
    # via scikit-image
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   cycler
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   libhoney
    #   plotly
    #   posthog
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
statsd==3.3.0
    # via libhoney
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
stripe==2.60.0
    # via dj-stripe
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tifffile==2021.8.30
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via pep517
tornado==6.1
    # via flower
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
types-futures==3.3.0
    # via types-protobuf
types-protobuf==3.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   mypy-protobuf
types-pytz==2021.1.2
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==5.4.10
    # via django-stubs
types-requests==2.25.8
    # via -r requirements/local.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   libcst
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via libcst
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   print-nanny-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
uvloop==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchgod==0.7
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==10.0
    # via uvicorn
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via honeycomb-beeline
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
